2372 plugins readme (#2394)
openmsupply/open-msupply: decisions/version-compatibility.md

Both central and remote keep track of `from` version of compatibility, and during sync these are exchanged and checked (either on remote or central, prefer remote to reduce logic slightly on central).

> Basically for `Example 1.`, when new field is added on remote, we add it to central, and change `from version of central` on remote to this never version of central. (previous version of remote will still be supported)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `Example 1.`, when a new field is added on remote, we add it to central, and change `from version of central` on remote to this newer version of central. (previous version of remote will still be supported)
```
